{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Who We Are\
The Anti-Roomba Association is an NGO that fights for privacy and safety for all in a world that\'92s increasingly accepting of the use of robots in private and public spaces. We specifically target robotic vacuums, and aim to educate individuals about the dangers of owning them. Our members actively organize and mobilize to protect humans from the robotic invasion by fighting for stricter legal regulations on Roombas and similar devices. \
\
The Problem\
According to the International Federation of Robotics, the number of robotic household helpers worldwide is supposed to skyrocket to 31 million between 2016 and 2019. The companies that sell these robots promote them as time savers and devices that will help you with your chores. However, these robots are nowhere near as effective or innocent as people think. \
\
Robotic vacuums are by far the most popular and widespread robotic technology that people use in their homes. The Roomba sits at the top of that list. You might find it cute as you watch it try to avoid furniture and other obstacles in your home. But the same sensors and cameras that help it navigate your bedroom can be used to secretly collect detailed information about your life and your family\'92s too. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 On top of this, Roombas don\'92t save you time. They are marketed as being able to work unsupervised, but often get stuck or create a bigger mess. In the best case, they clean your house superficially. You still have to pull out the vacuum cleaner. In the worst case, they smear dog poop all over the place. \
\
Join the Fight Against Roombas Today!\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/25/technology/roomba-irobot-data-privacy.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/25/technology/roomba-irobot-data-privacy.html}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.vox.com/2016/5/17/11683718/roomba-irobot-robots-disappointment"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.vox.com/2016/5/17/11683718/roomba-irobot-robots-disappointment}}\
}